Document request options in one place (#34437)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/requestinit/index.md

---
title: RequestInit
slug: Web/API/RequestInit
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.RequestInit
spec-urls: https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#requestinit
---

{{APIRef("Fetch API")}}

The **`RequestInit`** dictionary of the [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) represents the set of options that can be used to configure a Fetch request.

> You can pass an instance of `RequestInit` into the {{domxref("Request.Request()", "Request()")}} constructor, or directly into the [`fetch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) function call.

Reviewer: (Not familiar with WebAPI terminology) Do we say "instance of a dictionary" rather than "an object in the shape of `RequestInit`"?

Author: Happy with your suggestion, or even just "`RequestInit` object".

Reviewer: Yeah, I think "`RequestInit` object" sounds best.

> You can pass an instance of `RequestInit` into the {{domxref("Request.Request()", "Request()")}} constructor, or directly into the [`fetch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) function call.

Author: ```suggestion
You can pass a `RequestInit` object into the {{domxref("Request.Request()", "Request()")}} constructor, or directly into the [`fetch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) function call.
```

> You can also pass a `RequestInit` into the `Request()` constructor and also into the `fetch()` call. If you do this, and the same option is set in both places, then the value passed directly into `fetch()` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also construct a `Request` with a `RequestInit`, and pass the `Request` to a `fetch()` call along with another `RequestInit`. If you do this, and the same option is set in both places, then the value passed directly into `fetch()` is used.
```

        - If there is no match, the browser will make a normal request, and will update the cache with the downloaded resource.

    - `only-if-cached`

      - : The browser looks for a matching request in its HTTP cache. {{experimental_inline}}

        - If there is a match, _fresh or stale_, it will be returned from the cache.
        - If there is no match, the browser will respond with a [504 Gateway timeout](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/504) status.

    The `"only-if-cached"` mode can only be used if the request's [`mode`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode) is `"same-origin"`. Cached redirects will be followed if the request's `redirect` property is `"follow"` and the redirects do not violate the `"same-origin"` mode.

- `credentials` {{optional_inline}}

  - : Controls whether or not the browser sends credentials with the request. Credentials are cookies, {{glossary("TLS")}} client certificates, or authentication headers containing a username and password. This option may be any one of the following values:

    - `omit`
      - : Never send credentials in the request or include credentials in the response.

>     - `same-origin`:

Author: ```suggestion
    - `same-origin`
```

```js
async function post() {
  const request = new Request("https://example.org/post", {
    method: "POST",
    body: JSON.stringify({ username: "example" }),
    headers: {
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
  });

  const response = await fetch(request);

  console.log(response.status);
}
```

### Passing options into both `Request()` and `fetch()`

In this example we create a {{domxref("Request")}}, passing the `method`, `headers`, and `body` options into its constructor. We then pass the request into `fetch()` along with `body` and `referrer` options:

```js
async function post() {
  const request = new Request("https://example.org/post", {
    method: "POST",
    headers: {
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({ username: "example1" }),
  });

  const response = await fetch(request, {
    body: JSON.stringify({ username: "example2" }),
    referrer: "",
  });

  console.log(response.status);
}
```

In this case the request will be sent with the following options:

- `method: "POST"`

> - `headers: ["Content-Type": "application/json"]`

Author: ```suggestion
- `headers: {"Content-Type": "application/json"}`
```

    See the [Attribution Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Attribution_Reporting_API) for more details.

- `body` {{optional_inline}}

  - : The request body contains content to send to the server, for example in a {{httpmethod("POST")}} or {{httpmethod("PUT")}} request. It is specified as an instance of any of the following types:

    - a string
    - {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}}
    - {{domxref("Blob")}}
    - {{jsxref("DataView")}}
    - {{domxref("File")}}
    - {{domxref("FormData")}}
    - {{jsxref("TypedArray")}}
    - {{domxref("URLSearchParams")}}

    See [Setting a body](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#setting_a_body) for more details.

- `browsingTopics` {{optional_inline}} {{experimental_inline}}

  - : A boolean specifying that the selected topics for the current user should be sent in a {{httpheader("Sec-Browsing-Topics")}} header with the associated request.

    See [Using the Topics API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Topics_API/Using) for more details.

- `cache` {{optional_inline}}

  - : The [cache mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/cache) you want to use for the request. This may be any one of the following values:

    - `default`

>       - : The browser looks for a matching request in its HTTP cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : The browser looks in its HTTP cache for a response matching the request.
```
Or else, “The browser looks for a matching _response_ in its HTTP cache.”

…since browsers cache responses, not requests.

        - If there is a match and it is [fresh](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching#fresh_and_stale_based_on_age), it will be returned from the cache.
        - If there is a match but it is [stale](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching#fresh_and_stale_based_on_age), the browser will make a [conditional request](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Conditional_requests) to the remote server. If the server indicates that the resource has not changed, it will be returned from the cache. Otherwise the resource will be downloaded from the server and the cache will be updated.
        - If there is no match, the browser will make a normal request, and will update the cache with the downloaded resource.

    - `no-store`
      - : The browser fetches the resource from the remote server without first looking in the cache, _and will not_ update the cache with the downloaded resource.
    - `reload`
      - : The browser fetches the resource from the remote server without first looking in the cache, _but then will_ update the cache with the downloaded resource.
    - `no-cache`

>       - : The browser looks for a matching request in its HTTP cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : The browser looks in its HTTP cache for a response matching the request .
```

        - If there is a match, _fresh or stale,_ the browser will make a [conditional request](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Conditional_requests) to the remote server. If the server indicates that the resource has not changed, it will be returned from the cache. Otherwise the resource will be downloaded from the server and the cache will be updated.
        - If there is no match, the browser will make a normal request, and will update the cache with the downloaded resource.

    - `force-cache`

>       - : The browser looks for a matching request in its HTTP cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : The browser looks in its HTTP cache for response matching the request.
```

        - If there is a match, _fresh or stale_, it will be returned from the cache.
        - If there is no match, the browser will make a normal request, and will update the cache with the downloaded resource.

    - `only-if-cached`

>       - : The browser looks for a matching request in its HTTP cache. {{experimental_inline}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : The browser looks in its HTTP cache for a response matching the request. {{experimental_inline}}
```

        - If there is a match, _fresh or stale_, it will be returned from the cache.

>         - If there is no match, the browser will respond with a [504 Gateway timeout](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/504) status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - If there is no match, a network error is returned.
```
I realize this 504 thing is in the existing docs. But it’s not correct, as far as I can see. I don’t know how/when it got into the docs, but the Fetch spec doesn’t say anything about setting the response to a 504 in this case — or in any case — and I’m pretty sure the Fetch spec _never_ did.

See https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-request-cache-mode
